- [Instructor] Now we can start digging in to the Java SDK.
I will remind you of a couple things.
First, there's usually more than one way to do things.
I'm just showing you a snapshot
of the SDK, not a full picture.
Secondly, this is not production code.
It's demo code.
I'm making compromises for brevity with the Java code
since this isn't a course on Java.
So let's jump into our application here.
We're going to add a whole bunch of variables
much like we did with the Python example.
So private static final Logger
LOGGER equals LoggerFactory.getLogger.
Import the logger.
Now private static final string
AWS_ACCESS_KEY equals AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID.
Now just like with Python, Java will look
in your local directory, your local AWS
to see if you have credentials.
But because we at least want to show some
of the way you will do this in a production system,
we don't want to rely on the file system.
So we're going to look them up from environment variables.
And just like we did with Python,
I am going to pass those environment variables through my IDE.
You can export them on your local system as you see fit.
Alright, so again, just like we did with Python,
we've got all of these values.
We will use them throughout this chapter.
Now let's create an S3Client called s3.
Because I made it final, I need
to put a constructor on this.
And now let's go through and we'll create
our create bucket method.
So public void createBucket.
We will pass in a string that is a name.
Include a try catch block here.
And most of the Java SDK actually works
very much the same way.
So you do a CreateBucketRequest, and then
there's a builder associated with it.
We'll bring this out a little bit.
Then within our builder, we want to create a bucket.
So we'll pass in the name.
Then on the s3 client, we will call createBucket,
and we will pass in our request.
Again, you're going to see most of these look the exact same.
Let me go ahead and just catch generic exception
because I don't really need to worry
about exception handling.
And we will do a LOGGER.error, error during create bucket.
And pass out the error.
Now the final step to what we need to do
is go down here into our main method, we'll get rid
of this Hello World from before.
We will get our keys from System.
Now we will create an AwsSessionCredentials.
In this case, it's a create method, which is static.
We will pass this the accessKey, the secretKey,
and then an empty string for the session token.
Shrink this down a little bit so you guys can see better.
Alright, so we'll create our S3Client.
Once again, there's a builder associated with this.
We need to pass in a credentialsProvider,
so we will use the StaticCredentialsProvider.create,
and we will pass it the creds.
Then we will build that.
Now we will create an instance of our application.
And we will pass it the s3.
And now finally, we can call createBucket,
and we will pass it the TRANSIENT_BUCKET.
So before I run this, let's jump over to the console.
Refresh our view, make sure that we
don't have that bucket created.
Run our program.
So now that our program is done,
we'll jump back to the console.
Refresh our view, and there's our bucket.
So we're good to go.